
## FAKES (MC)
## -----------------------------------------------------------
####fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT70to100                                                       : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT100to200                                                      : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT200to400                                                      : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT400to600                                                      : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT600to800                                                      : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT800to1200                                                     : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT1200to2500                                                    : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
####fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT2500toInf+WJetsToLNu_HT2500toInf_ext                          : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_DiLepton                                                            : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromTbar                                                : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromT                                                   : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : T_sch_lep                                                                  : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : T_tch                                                                      : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : TBar_tch                                                                   : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
#####fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WZTo1L3Nu                                                                  : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 
fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WZTo1L1Nu2Q                                                                : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 
fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WWToLNuQQ                                                                  : ScaleFactor1F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband1.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 

####fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT70to100                                                       : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT100to200                                                      : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT200to400                                                      : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT400to600                                                      : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT600to800                                                      : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT800to1200                                                     : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT1200to2500                                                    : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
####fakes_matchedBoth_wj   : WJetsToLNu_HT2500toInf+WJetsToLNu_HT2500toInf_ext                          : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="Wj(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_DiLepton                                                            : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromTbar                                                : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_tt   : TTJets_SingleLeptonFromT                                                   : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="tt(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+1 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : T_sch_lep                                                                  : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : T_tch                                                                      : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
fakes_matchedBoth_t    : TBar_tch                                                                   : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="t(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+2 
#####fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WZTo1L3Nu                                                                  : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 
fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WZTo1L1Nu2Q                                                                : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 
fakes_matchedBoth_vv   : WWToLNuQQ                                                                  : ScaleFactor2F*xsec ; FakeRate="susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate2017/fakerate_sideband2.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_jec_central.txt\,susy-sos-v1/2l/fakerate/fakerate_load_isfake.txt", Label="VV(fakes)", FillColor=ROOT.kGray+3 
